h1. Ceilometer Java (early dev)

h2. Stauts

Only two counters has been implemented (instance, cpu)

* instance : is a rabbitmq listener
* cpu : is scheduled each 10 secs gathering info from libvirt

h2. Requirements

h3. Runtime

<pre>
woorea@openstack:~$ java -version
java version "1.6.0_23"
OpenJDK Runtime Environment (IcedTea6 1.11pre) (6b23~pre11-0ubuntu1.11.10.2)
OpenJDK 64-Bit Server VM (build 20.0-b11, mixed mode)
</pre>

h3. Development

<pre>
iMac-de-woorea:~ sp$ java -version
java version "1.6.0_31"
Java(TM) SE Runtime Environment (build 1.6.0_31-b04-413-10M3623)
Java HotSpot(TM) 64-Bit Server VM (build 20.6-b01-413, mixed mode)

iMac-de-woorea:~ sp$ mvn -version
Apache Maven 3.0.3 (r1075438; 2011-02-28 18:31:09+0100)
Maven home: /usr/share/maven
Java version: 1.6.0_31, vendor: Apple Inc.
Java home: /System/Library/Java/JavaVirtualMachines/1.6.0.jdk/Contents/Home
Default locale: en_US, platform encoding: MacRoman
OS name: "mac os x", version: "10.6.8", arch: "x86_64", family: "mac"
</pre>

h2. QuickStart

h3. On your dev box

<pre>
# git clone http://github.com/woorea/ceilometer-java

# cd ceilometer-java

# mvn clean compile assembly:single

# sftp <your openstack host>

# put target/ceilometer-java-0.0.1-SNAPSHOT-jar-with-dependencies.jar
</pre>

h3. On OpenStack box

<pre>
$ vi ceilometer.properties

rabbitmq.host=localhost
rabbitmq.username=woorea
rabbitmq.password=secret0

libvirt.uri=qemu:///system

output.dir=/tmp/ceilometer

$ java -jar ceilometer-java-0.0.1-SNAPSHOT-jar-with-dependencies.jar
</pre>